Minus 15, 14, 13, and a 10, 9, 8, 7, 6, 5.
Or we've gone from an engine start we have.
And the shuttle has clear the tower.
Columbia Houston you're going from up.
Columbia your goal for SRB 7.
Roger on the set Columbia.
Mark two minutes twenty seconds confirmed fire rocket booster set.
Roger we confirm the set Columbia.
And the vehicle is just following up.
Well, flying beautifully by chance and anyone ever expected that to do on a first flight.
And I think we've got something that's really going to mean something to the country in the world.
The vehicle is performing like a champ like all of us that have worked so long on news news at your list.
Well, I've crippled attempting to get at the noxide canisters.
Columbia this is Houston through the yard.
We're standing by.
Columbia you're really looking good right on the money right on the money.
You're right on the right slope Columbia.
Oh, there it is.
That's really good.
But you're maybe not.
I think that's real good.
You're coming.
You're down.
50 feet.
40.
30.
20.
Stand.
Five.
Four.
Three.
Two.
One.
Down.
Those of you are 10 feet.
Five.
Four.
Three.
That's down.
Look about it.
Give her.
Welcome home.
Columbia.
Beautiful.
Welcome home.
Columbia.
Beautiful.
So I have to take it up to the manager.
We're going to test it off first.
Roger.
I'm going to test it off first.